document remote operators (#1614)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

----
| A new xref:clauses/group-by.adoc[`GROUP BY`] subclause used in conjunction with the `WITH` or `RETURN` clauses has been added. It allows a user to explicitly state the grouping keys for the query.
This is an alternative to the implicit grouping available in Cypher.

a|
label:new[]

> Added the two Infinigraph-specific query operators xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-node-index-seek[`RemoteNodeIndexSeek`] and xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-unique-node-index-seek[`RemoteUniqueNodeIndexSeek`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added two link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/scalability/sharded-property-databases/overview/[Infinigraph-specific] query operators: xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-node-index-seek[`RemoteNodeIndexSeek`] and xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-unique-node-index-seek[`RemoteUniqueNodeIndexSeek`].
```

| Feature
| Details

a|
label:new[]

> Added the two Infinigraph-specific query operators xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-batch-properties[`RemoteBatchProperties`] and xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-batch-properties-with-filter[`RemoteBatchPropertiesWithFilter`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added two link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/scalability/sharded-property-databases/overview/[Infinigraph-specific] query operators: xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-batch-properties[`RemoteBatchProperties`] and xref:planning-and-tuning/operators/operators-detail.adoc#query-plan-remote-batch-properties-with-filter[`RemoteBatchPropertiesWithFilter`].
```
